Add 2024 August update (#2187)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/2024-community-update.rst

.. post:: Aug 8, 2024
   :tags: stats, newsletter
   :author: Eric Holscher

Write the Docs Community Update - August 2024
=============================================

Hey there documentarians!

Eric Holscher here filling in for the Newsletter team as they take their normal August break.

> We're looking forward to seeing everyone online for our virtual `Atlantic <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/atlantic/2024/>`_ on **September 22-24**. The event is scheduled to be available for both folks in EDT and CEST timezones. Tickets are still on sale until a few days before the event, so grab yours now if you haven't yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're looking forward to seeing everyone online for our virtual `Atlantic <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/atlantic/2024/>`_ on **September 22-24**. The event is scheduled to be available for both folks in EDT and CEST timezones. Tickets are still on sale until a few days before the event, though we may sell out earlier, so grab yours now if you haven't yet.
```
Let's not stimulate people to wait until the last minute.

We're also getting excited about our upcoming `Australia <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2024/>`_ conference on **November 28-29** in Melbourne. The `Australia conference CFP <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2024/cfp/>`_ is open for a few more weeks if you have ideas, and can make it to Melbourne.

We held our second Portland conference in our new venue this year, and it felt like everything worked a little bit better than last year. You could really feel the improvement that another year of iterating on the event brought.  The `photos <https://www.flickr.com/photos/writethedocs/albums/72177720316224454/>`_ and `videos <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZAeFn6dfHpm4FboYSTD1Bs8Yp8k_JvAL>`_ from the conference are available.

2025 Conferences
----------------

> We are still in the planning phase for our 2025 conferences, but expect the structure to remain similar. Our Portland conference will be **May 4-6, 2025**, and expect more updates about the other events as we get closer to the end of the year.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are still in the planning phase for our 2025 conferences, but expect the structure to remain similar. Our Portland conference will be **May 4-6, 2025**, you can expect more updates about the other events later in the year.
```

Kenya Event and Community Engagement
------------------------------------

> We are thrilled to work with the Meetup team in Kenya to put on `a small gathering for their community <https://wtdkenya.hashnode.dev/write-the-docs-kenya-summit-2024>`_ this year! It was a great way to continue building the community locally, and we're excited to see more events like this in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to work with the Meetup team in Kenya to put on `a gathering for their community <https://wtdkenya.hashnode.dev/write-the-docs-kenya-summit-2024>`_ this year! It was a great way to continue building the community locally, and we're excited to see more events like this in the future.
```
Calling it "a small gathering" feels a bit demeaning it. Also, did we work with them, or did they do the work and did we support them?

> If you're interested in organizing a community event, please feel free to reach out to the core team. We have resources and support to help you get started on a Meetup, or to grow your meetup into a larger community event.

Reviewer: Didn't we technically drop "core team" as a term? Maybe an email address would be better anyways.

Author: Hrm yea -- not sure how that got in there.

As part of this effort, we're going to be building on our Grant program for conference to extend it to other types of events.
Look for more updates on that in the coming months.

Job Board Transition
--------------------

> We are looking at transitioning away from a job board and to a job sponsorship model that works similarly to our other `community sponsorship options <https://www.writethedocs.org/sponsorship/>`_. We have been reevaluating how to promote jobs in the community, and felt the job board was no longer the best fit. Our Slack ``#job-posts-only`` channel has quite active with job postings, and we're looking to expand on that success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are looking at transitioning away from a job board and to a job sponsorship model that works similarly to our other `community sponsorship options <https://www.writethedocs.org/sponsorship/>`_. We have been reevaluating how to promote jobs in the community, and felt the job board was no longer the best fit. Our Slack ``#job-posts-only`` channel has been consistently active with job postings, and we're looking to expand on that success.
```

> We are looking at transitioning away from a job board and to a job sponsorship model that works similarly to our other `community sponsorship options <https://www.writethedocs.org/sponsorship/>`_. Our current job board vendor has raised their rates significantly, which caused us to reevaluate how to promote jobs in the community. Our Slack ``#job-posts-only`` channel has quite active with job postings, and we're looking to expand on that success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking at transitioning away from a job board and to a job sponsorship model that works similarly to our other `community sponsorship options <https://www.writethedocs.org/sponsorship/>`_. We have been reevaluating how to promote jobs in the community, and felt the job board was no longer the best fit. Our Slack ``#job-posts-only`` channel has quite active with job postings, and we're looking to expand on that success.
```
We had doubts about the job board even before the price change - this feels more positive to me. We're doing this because the transition is a positive, not just because we want to save money.
